.\" approx: proxy server for Debian archive files
.\" Copyright (C) 2010  Eric C. Cooper <ecc@cmu.edu>
.\" Released under the GNU General Public License
.\" -*- nroff -*-
.TH APPROX-IMPORT 8 "June 2010"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.

.SH NAME
approx-import \- copy local .deb files into the approx cache

.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.B approx-import
[\fIOPTION\fP]... file.deb \&...

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.B approx-import
copies local .deb files,
such as those found in
.IR /var/cache/apt/archives ,
into the
.BR approx (8)
cache.
.PP
It does so by computing the MD5 checksum of each argument.
If it matches a package in one of the
.I Packages
files in the
.BR approx (8)
cache, then the file is copied to the appropriate location in the cache.
.PP
Note that all
.I Packages
files must be scanned, regardless of how many .deb files are being imported,
and this process may take several minutes.
.PP
The
.B approx-import
command must be run by the superuser or the
.BR approx (8)
user.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-c " file, " \-\^\-config " file"
Specify an additional configuration file.
May be used multiple times.
.TP
.BR \-s ", " \-\^\-simulate
Process files but do not actually copy them into the cache.
.TP
.BR \-q ", " \-\^\-quiet
Don't print the names of files that are imported.
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\^\-verbose
Print the disposition of each file.

.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
To import packages from the local
.BR apt (8)
cache:
.IP
approx-import /var/cache/apt/archives/*.deb
.PP
To import packages from another proxy's cache:
.IP
find other-cache \-name "*.deb" | xargs approx-import
.PP
(where
.I other-cache
is the pathname of the other proxy's cache directory)

.SH FILES
.TP
.I /etc/approx/approx.conf
.br
Configuration file for
.B approx
and related programs.
.TP
.I /var/cache/approx
.br
Default cache directory for archive files.

.SH SEE ALSO
.IR approx.conf (5),
.BR approx (8)

.SH AUTHOR
Eric Cooper <ecc@cmu.edu>
