.\" approx: proxy server for Debian archive files
.\" Copyright (C) 2010  Eric C. Cooper <ecc@cmu.edu>
.\" Released under the GNU General Public License
.\" -*- nroff -*-
.TH APPROX-UPDATE 8 "June 2010"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.

.SH NAME
approx-update \- update cached Packages and Sources files

.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.B approx-update
[\fIOPTION\fP]...

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.B approx-update
updates the Packages and Sources files in the
.BR approx (8)
cache by downloading and applying pdiffs.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-c " file, " \-\^\-config " file"
Specify an additional configuration file.
May be used multiple times.
.TP
.BR \-k ", " \-\^\-keep ", " \-s ", " \-\^\-simulate
Don't download, update, or remove any files in the cache.
.TP
.BR \-q ", " \-\^\-quiet
Don't print information about status, updates, or removals.
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\^\-verbose
Print the status of each Packages or Sources file.

.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
To download and apply any pdiffs necessary to bring
the Packages and Sources files in the cache up to date:
.IP
approx-update \-\^\-quiet
.PP
This is run as a daily
.BR cron (8)
job.
.PP
To show the status of each Packages and Sources file in the cache
(whether it is up-to-date according to the corresponding Release file):
.IP
approx-update \-\^\-keep \-\^\-verbose

.SH FILES
.TP
.I /etc/approx/approx.conf
.br
Configuration file for
.B approx
and related programs.
.TP
.I /var/cache/approx
.br
Default cache directory for archive files.

.SH SEE ALSO
.IR approx.conf (5),
.BR approx (8),
.BR approx-gc (8),
.BR cron (8)

.SH AUTHOR
Eric Cooper <ecc@cmu.edu>
