.\" approx: proxy server for Debian archive files
.\" Copyright (C) 2007  Eric C. Cooper <ecc@cmu.edu>
.\" Released under the GNU General Public License
.\" -*- nroff -*-
.TH UPDATE_APPROX 8 "November 2007"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.

.SH NAME
update_approx \- update cached Packages and Sources files

.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.B update_approx
[\fIOPTION\fP] [\fIFILE\fP]...

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.B update_approx
updates the Packages and Sources files in the
.BR approx (8)
cache by downloading and applying pdiffs.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-k ", " \-\^\-keep ", " \-s ", " \-\^\-simulate
Don't download, update, or remove any files in the cache.
.TP
.BR \-q ", " \-\^\-quiet
Don't print information about status, updates, or removals.
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\^\-verbose
Print the status of each Packages or Sources file.

.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
To download and apply any pdiffs necessary to bring
the Packages and Sources files in the cache up to date:
.IP
update_approx \-\^\-quiet
.PP
This is run as a daily
.BR cron (8)
job.
.PP
To show the status of each Packages and Sources file in the cache
(whether it is up-to-date according to the corresponding Release file):
.IP
update_approx \-\^\-keep \-\^\-verbose

.SH FILES
.TP
.I /etc/approx/approx.conf
.br
Configuration file for
.B approx
and related programs.
.TP
.I /var/cache/approx
.br
Cache directory for archive files.

.SH SEE ALSO
.IR approx.conf (5),
.BR approx (8),
.BR gc_approx (8),
.BR cron (8)

.SH AUTHOR
Eric Cooper <ecc@cmu.edu>
